Set Wave token-cache duration and retry attempts (#915)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: CHANGELOG.md

# v3.2.3.0-dev

> - Set `wave.tokens.cache.maxDuration = '24h'` and `wave.retryPolicy.maxAttempts = 10`, so Wave stops renaming the same image mid-run and a Wave `429` gets ~3 minutes of retry instead of ~6 seconds. Adds `tests/workflows/wave.nf.test`, run by the new `nf-test-wave-config.yml` CI workflow, asserting that the undocumented `wave.tokens.cache.maxDuration` still reaches the Wave client: Nextflow's config validator doesn't recognise the key and warns about it, but applies it anyway, and would warn identically if a rename stopped it working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `wave.tokens.cache.maxDuration = '24h'` and `wave.retryPolicy.maxAttempts = 10` to reduce transient Wave infrastructure failures. Adds new test and CI workflow to check the private `wave.tokens.cache.maxDuration` still reaches the Wave client.
```
